If you need a little straight talk
to pull yourself out of a rut or a suffering of some type,
you'll love Guy Finley.
Raised among the Hollywood elite,
Guy understood early in life that wealth and possessions
were no path to happiness.
This awareness sent him on a lifelong quest
to educate himself and others as to our innate wholeness.
Wholeness that can be given birth to
only when we become tired of our old stories.
(jazzy piano music)
You're referred to by a lot of your peers
as a sparkling light out there in the world,
and when I sat down with you
for the first time--
What do they know?
(both laugh)
When I first sat down with you,
I thought, "My God, what beautiful eyes.
"They literally are shining."
So, you must have had a journey behind those eyes
to get to this point in life.
Would you mind telling us a little bit
about where you began to bring you onto this path, yourself?
The truth is, Regina, I was
born on it, in a way.
From a very early age, I had a host of different
experiences take place, not just interiorly,
but I was born into a show business family.
My father is considered the progenitor,
the father of late night television talk show.
Before Johnny Carson and Jack Paar,
there was Strictly Informal, Music is my Beat,
with Larry Finley, and my father, 1950-51,
was the one running that and introducing that
kind of genre to television.
So, I grew up literally riding in the lap of Jayne Mansfield
in the Hollywood Christmas Parade.
(Regina laughs)
I can't quite imagine that.
We can all have a good laugh at this.
No, it's great.
And it's part of what's
caused me to be as crazy as I am
I think it's wonderful.
You have an enviable position.
Well, and then my running pals were
the kids, the Arnaz kids, and the Martin kids,
and the Minnelli kids.
Sinatra's kids, these were my friends growing up.
And,
coupled with my own interior life
that started going through certain changes
around 11 or 12 years old,
there was this inexplicable contradiction
that existed between the lifestyle of the individuals
that I was born and raised with,
which was all dysfunctional.
And, how do you reconcile an immense
amount of fear and anger with being
the Illuminati of the world?
And even though you can't put that in words as a child,
it was so powerful to me that it made me,
it started grinding.
It introduced an early pain that could not
be answered through common solutions.
And that early pain that couldn't be responded to
by more of what was actually producing the problem,
led me to begin a very early search,
that, by the grace of God, had early fruit in it for me.
And I went through a circuitous route.
I was the first white soft rock artist
ever to sign with Motown Records.
(both laugh)
I worked with Neil Diamond,
had several albums, wrote music for
motion pictures and television.
And then in '79, 1979, I turned 29 years old,
I'd been very successful.
I quit.
It just wasn't working for me.
Were you seeing in yourself
some of the dysfunction,
or at least a dissatisfaction in what you saw
in some of the other?
I loved music.
And it was great to be recognized at an early age.
First white people to sign, you know,
big publishing company, "you're this, you're that,"
hang out with Mr. Gordy and all the gang.
But it wasn't very long before
what I loved became my master in the wrong way.
Instead of loving to do what I did,
I had to start having to do what I did.
And that wasn't of interest to me.
So, I quit, and I literally started
traveling around the world.
I went to the Far East, I traveled through India.
I did a sojourn to see if I could find someone
to help me start understanding some of this contradiction.
Long story short, I found nothing that did.
I dusted my head on more people's feet
than you could possibly imagine.
Slapped by peacock feathers, I mean the whole thing.
And I came home and realized that
I had found something that no one else could have given me,
which was that I was going to have
to find this with myself, in myself.
And then by very good fortune, and probably
because of that realization, I met an extraordinary
Christian mystic by the name of Vernon Howard.
Been writing books for 35 years,
a gentleman's gentleman, a true spirit.
And I worked with him for 14 years until he died.
What were you learning in that process
with him, about yourself?
I think more than anything else,
I was being introduced to
what I had been running from all of my life.
We're all marathon runners,
and we don't really know it, Regina, we are.
What had you been running from,
if you care to share?
The same thing everyone runs from,
the pain born of not knowing who we are.
Exact same, it's no different.
And it's that pain that makes us mean to each other,
it's that pain that keeps us from being present
because we're trying always to qualify ourselves
in the eyes of the people around us.
There's like this never-ending kind of hunger
to find ourselves, but we're always
looking in the wrong place
because no one has been kind enough
to tell us that we're asleep,
that we're wandering around lost,
and that the road we're on doesn't lead anywhere
except in a circle.
And so, what seems to be an act of-- seems harsh, man!
turns out to be the most gracious thing
that an individual can do and say,
which is, if you want to know what's wrong,
you don't have to look any further
than what you are in this moment.
And in fact not only are
the various systems in place not kind enough
to let us know that we're asleep and we're lost,
they actually exploit that.
And they exploit it because
they always give us the next thing to become.
And not knowing any better, and I want to put this in
'cause I like to make things as clear as I can,
and I know we have a short time,
which is tough with someone motor-mouth
like I am.
(Regina laughs)
With a lot to say.
We all are doing the best we can
in any given moment, even a man who does a hideous crime
is the best that he knows to do.
The issue is that our pain is the indication
that there is more for us to know,
not about what to do and be,
but what it is that is driving us
to compromise ourselves the way we do.
And that was the road, was discovering over and over again
in the early days where I was compromising myself thinking
I was complementing my own life, my ambitions.
Mr. Howard just furthered that process
by holding this mirror up that's so essential
for us to look into in our lives.
We don't think to ourselves that
when I look at another human being,
that I'm actually looking in a mirror.
Because if I don't like what I see,
this can't possibly be me.
But everything in life acts as a kind of mirror,
I call it the point of revelation where,
no matter what's taking place,
if we're willing to see it, something is being revealed
to us about ourselves.
And if I'm willing to look at that
without judging myself or trying to fix what I see,
then the light of awareness that makes
that relationship possible begins to make the change itself,
and then you find this marvelous moment
where you start to become
a different kind of human being.
The first step must be
that you have to, maybe, suspend judgment
of whoever's across from you.
Absolutely.
Then suspend judgment
of yourself.
Well, that's part of
the kindness, Regina.
We keep in place all kinds
of dysfunctional relationships,
even when we meet somebody for the first time
because if I look at you and I want something from you,
I can't be honest; it's impossible.
It's impossible, and then because I'm not honest
that'll feed in you or whomever you're with
a completely surreptitious relationship
that seems fulfilling, but turns out to be
nothing but another source of suffering
because it's as empty as everything else that
you've done.
Leaves you feeling
cheap and empty.
Now, picking it up with what you were talking about
this morning, which this leads into,
you're talking about the path you took.
You said it was somewhat circuitous
to come to this, in essence,
very truthful and simple realization.
And you said, "this is what happens:
"There are two paths to freedom," you said in your talk,
"and one is the gradual path, which is--"
The path of becoming.
Becoming,
and I'd like you to expand on that in a moment,
and then there's the direct path,
meaning there is nothing to achieve,
to become, to be what you are.
So can you talk about the gradual path,
what that looks like?
We're inculcated in this idea of becoming,
that if I can achieve or acquire this power,
this possession, this authority,
that through that I will begin to know myself
not as feeling inadequate, but as being
someone of worth and value.
Unseen through this path of becoming
is that everyone that we find ourselves through,
every position no matter what it is,
becomes for us an unseen attachment, a dependency,
because my sense of self is then defined by
that person or condition.
That person or condition changes,
suddenly I feel as though I'm losing my life
because it was defined through
this derivative relationship.
So, one suffers, then one begins
the whole thing over again of looking to find a new way
to define themselves through yet something else.
That's the path of becoming; it never ends.
So it's just constant inflation
and deflation
It never ends.
But the reason it never ends is because
the self that is driving it, this divided mind,
it doesn't want it to end.
It wants that constant sense of satisfaction
and dissatisfaction, these opposites
flipping back and forth, so that it gets it,
it loses it--ahh, I lost it.
Now I know what to do, I start over.
And it just goes round and round and round.
Now why would the mind
want to go into this kind of circle jerk?
Because it provides us with a strong sense
of ourselves, that's why.
It defines me.
The problem is that I'm being defined
by something that secretly confines me
because I'm limited to knowing myself
through something outside of myself,
so that the root of it is separation
which ultimately means suffering.
'Cause what we're looking for is love,
we're looking for a kind of wholeness.
And that's natural to us; we can't escape that.
It's in our hard drive.
Einstein said, "The central urge of every atom
"is to return to its source."
We're no different than that.
So the path of becoming doesn't work,
and it takes long time to start realizing,
I'm right back where I started from,
only now I'm 90.
(both laugh)
Whereas the road, the real road,
is this path of understanding that
there's nothing to be achieved.
And that's a difficult one for us,
Western and Eastern minds alike,
even though we may have words to talk about it,
even seem illumined.
The fact of the matter is that
the mind is really basically driven by desire,
and desire always seeks an object
through which to fulfill itself.
That divided mind isn't comfortable unless it's in movement,
thought being its principal architect.
So it's seeking, seeking, seeking,
then you tell that mind, "Look.
"Can you look closely enough to see that
"you've been seeking all of this time,
"and that all you find is the next thing
"that you have to go look for?"
'Cause if you're willing to see that,
there's evidence that indicates
that we need not be seekers of things outside of ourselves,
but rather can learn to attend to ourselves
as we are in the present moment.
And it is in this new kind of attention
that this rift that is present starts to close.
And then we find out that we needn't be afraid
of what we are, of what's passing through us,
of what's touching us because everything that takes place
takes place for the purpose
of revealing ourselves to ourselves.
And when you understand that
there's no such thing as a bad revelation--
You know, people talk about their bad, this bad--
there's no bad truth.
Anything that reveals something
is revealing it to something that needs the revelation.
It's an opening, so that constant revelation
then becomes one's reality, and
because the revelation is a transformation,
here I am, I take myself to be
a certain kind of human being.
Then something happens, and suddenly
I see I'm nervous or I'm anxious.
Ordinarily, the way we hide our nervousness or anxiety
is by speeding up, saying things we don't know.
But let's say that you've done that 437,000 times
and you don't want to do it anymore,
so now I'm left, and what it's showing me
is that the problem isn't what I'm facing,
it's that the self that's facing it
doesn't understand what the moment is for.
And the moment is for--I say that
lessons ride in on the back of events.
The moment is for this order of myself
to be revealed to myself so that I can let go
of who and what I had been in order that something
altogether new can come in and take its place.
Literally you have to make space
for that in your own head.
Literally; it's the discovery
that the confinement and the clutter
in the occupied mind, they're all this thing
that doesn't work.
So it isn't so much an ambition,
although people do it for a long time,
they set out to become spiritual.
I did it myself, you know.
You have a longing to be spiritual,
and God sees that in a person,
to seek the truth of themselves.
But after a while you start recognizing
that for me to look anywhere other
than where I am right now, for anything,
is a waste of time.
Then we're left with ourselves,
which is where we need to be
because the journey ends where it begins.
Is it that a lot of people might be afraid
to end up at exactly that spot,
sitting there with themselves?
We don't know what to do with our pain, Regina.
We do not understand the nature
of our psychological pain, that's a fact.
So we cover it up with addictions
and attachments of every single kind.
That's exactly right, that's exactly right.
And particularly Western culture.
We are conditioned to console ourselves every moment.
And if there's something wrong,
if there's a disturbance of any kind,
eat something, talk to somebody, get a shrink,
take a drug, so that the disturbance,
which is principal--imagine here's a clam,
and a grain of sand sneaks in, you know,
and the clam goes, "Oh, what's that?
"I don't that sand in there."
We'd have no pearls.
Pearls.
That's true.
Exactly.
No more pearls!
Well that's just what we are.
Life is meant to create this natural disturbance.
The impression of life comes, and it touches us,
touches, touch touch touch.
And when it touches, if it's not a recognizable touch,
I don't want it.
But every last touch is a revelation
because it is showing me something about myself,
and this is really beautiful,
that not only did I not know was there,
but when I will be aware and awake to it,
I discover it has always been there,
and it is not a problem in itself.
This part of us that resists life,
it actually looks at what it is resisting
as being the problem, instead of understanding
that resistance exists for the purpose of revelation.
That's why resistance exists.
When you put two hands together,
there's resistance, and suddenly
there's awareness of two hands.
So when life touches us and it stirs us,
we have something in us that comes in
and it wants to deflect this touch.
When you start understanding that the Divine,
the only way in which it can reveal its presence to you,
in your presence, is by touching you and showing you this,
then you begin to go, "Take me, I'm yours."
Right; show me!
Show me, show me.
Now maybe this is a flip-side
of saying the same thing, but it seems what happens
is when we go through our infancy
and then into childhood,
for many people, it's a time of exploration,
we're open to a lot of different things,
we want to know a lot, we're curious.
And as we continue through life, our preferences
become stronger and stronger, which seems to me
at that point, our openness to life becomes
narrower and narrower, and it's almost as though
anything that brushes up against those preferences...
It can be simple, it can be something very simple.
I think you gave a couple examples today,
as a matter of fact.
That's accurate.
When it doesn't meet your preferences,
now suddenly it creates huge amount of resistance.
So are preferences in and of themselves
really not doing us much service?
There's nothing wrong with natural preference.
But when preference becomes pain,
When we're attached, hard fast.
Little by little, we become easily
conditioned to certain things.
I don't know if you were ever driving along,
they had, The Beatles were on Larry King last night.
And I'm sitting there going, "God, I know every
"Beatles song, I can sing them, every last one of them."
It's like I'm a, it's a hard drive,
like I'm an iPod up here!
And there's nothing wrong with singing that music,
but if you watch yourself while you sing,
you are experiencing the exact same pleasure you did
when you were 19 years old.
And that's the pleasure, it's not in the singing.
It's in the re-visitation of what you were.
And that's what preferences are,
is this sort of discovery that
over and over again doing something
that gives me pleasure, I find my sense of self in it.
Monkey with my preference?
You're monkeying with my life, and you're in danger.
That's why these preferences have
the power over us that they do.
This starts winding into the notion
of the art of letting go.
You wrote a book, The Secret of Letting Go.
And you said something earlier today,
and that means letting go of a lot of things,
and you said a sentence I thought was quite interesting.
And it seems to be for both men and women, and that is,
"Aging is intended to bring beauty to the soul."
So what is it in, just taking that one example,
that we resist, what are we refusing to let go of
by refusing to let go of youth as one example?
We think we are our face, our body,
and our self-worth is deeply wrapped into
how people estimate us through what we think
they're thinking about our appearance.
So as we start to age and our natural vigor passes,
our body loses its tone, there is a horrible part
of our consciousness that begins to denigrate us
for no longer being an instrument of beauty.
When I said that aging is meant to bring beauty to the soul,
to clarify that further, is that
we're meant all the time, Regina,
to be in relationship with beauty.
There's two models to me:
there's the one we live from with our divided mind,
which is the possession model.
I possess my body, I possess my friends, my family.
And we may not think that we possess it,
but let something monkey with it,
and you'll see yourself clinging to it.
So, the possession model, which is the divided mind.
The participation model is a different story.
I think we're led by the pain of possession
to begin to want to participate in life.
And participation is a different relationship.
For instance, with beauty, when you look
at something beautiful, the reason you love
looking at it is because it is reminding you
of something that you already are.
Or you wouldn't be able to recognize
beauty.
Or you wouldn't know it.
This beautiful, eternal quality
is mirrored for a split-second.
I look out, I see this extraordinary sky,
and I am brought into it, separation ends.
There's just beauty.
Just as the eyes reflect the physical beauty,
the soul is intended to reflect this eternal beauty
of God's life, and it's when an individual begins to let go
and let go of this possession idea
and participate more and more fully in the present moment,
in which there's always beauty
because there's always creation taking place.
Right.
Then, my satisfaction is in participation.
I don't need things anymore.
And then you also don't need
to go that next step, which is to look to a time when.
Becoming ends.
Time actually ends because love, compassion,
beauty, kindness, these are qualities
that we did not create, but that we are created
to be able to be a participant in.
Through which, to not only know
the beauty of this life, but to realize,
"My god, I am the ground of this thing."
Not in a self-centered way.
I think it's a danger with present New Age thinking,
you know, "I'm God," god help you.
And yet, this Divine is our nature,
and we are intended to share in that life
if we'll simply recognize how little
we have given ourselves trying to possess
the things that can't be possessed in the first place.
And this feeds also into our judgments.
I mean, you gave an example of
we look around at the state of the world,
the state of the economy, and the United States
in particular right now.
The state of affairs appears to be a bit dismal,
on many levels; yet at the same time then,
we start maybe placing blame on various entities
or whatnot as to why we are the way we are.
But you say in the end, everything is just a mirror.
So let's talk about that because
a lot of people watching this,
certainly, I think, a lot of Americans watching this,
are probably feeling some of these feelings
of judgment and despair and frustration right now.
What's that reflect back to us?
I would say it this way,
this is what I found, and I believe
that it's true across the board.
You and I, we can't suffer without having taken
the temporary to be the eternal, it's impossible.
I think in the mercy of this divine life, in its justice,
it's always basically saying,
"Come here, you've got something I want."
And you go, "No, not that.
"Not that, let me keep my hair."
(both laugh)
You negotiate.
"Just don't take that from me."
And what I've found to be true
is that the root of the fearless life
is the discovery that God never takes anything
from a human being with which it isn't replaced
with something greater than what's taken
if I will give it up.
That's the key, and this is
the letting go part, the secrets of letting go.
Can you just talk about that a little more?
Most people have a problem with letting go
of the things
Oh, we all do.
that we love.
When we understand that our nature knows itself
by what it is identified with, then we can
start to understand that I don't have to sitting here
and holding something in my hand to be attached to it.
Anything that I'm identified with, I'm attached to.
And if I'm attached to something, I'm afraid of it changing.
So when we talk about the end of this identification,
letting go, it's all set up to help us do that, Regina.
Only when the pain comes, I don't recognize it
as an invitation.
The disturbance comes, I don't look at it as
something saying to me, "Guy, I want to give you
"something better than what you have.
"You're worried about this, you're gonna go.
"I'd like to give you something better than worry.
"Do you want it?"
And I go, "Well, okay, I'd like it."
And it says, "Okay, first let go of the worry.
"Then I'll show you something better."
Our mind is, "No, first give me something better.
"Then I'll let go."
Then I'll let go.
It doesn't work that way.
Can you give
a couple of anecdotes of situations
you've experienced in your life where,
maybe you were trying to do that exact thing,
hold on, or maybe you were graciously saying,
"Okay, I'll give it up!"
and something better rushed in,
or someone else's experience that you find interesting?
You know what, Regina, I think that
if the people watching us, if they look at
their own life
We're doing it
all the time, yeah.
All the time.
I mean, when we examine our day-to-day activities,
there are all of these instances
in which we find ourselves ragged, stressed, worried.
And we're in that position because something
is trying to hold onto something
that it thinks is valuable.
Life says, "I think you have to let this go."
You go, "No!"
It goes, "Okay, suffer."
You go, "Okay, I'll suffer, 'cause I know better."
Then we go through that,
and finally, lesson comes back.
One day you say, "Alright, I'm gonna let this go."
And the thing that's extraordinary is that
what you get in exchange
is not another possession.
What you get is possession of yourself.
Because any time an individual exists
as someone who must have something,
this divided state is the root of our unhappiness.
So when we're really letting go,
what's taking place is the integration of a self
that thought it had to have something
in order to be something.
So letting go is this marvelous instance in which,
believe it or not, parts of us don't want to be whole,
and you asked me why:
because in being whole, there's no tomorrow,
there's no worry, there's no--
There's no drama.
There's no drama, the way we know it.
But I wanna tell you something.
You can't imagine how dramatic the present moment is.
There's nothing more dramatic.
It's extraordinary!
If we were paying attention!
If you were paying attention.
You have a new book now,
The Essential Laws of Fearless Living,
so letting go of fear seems to be
the number one thing we have to let go of.
As you were saying, and as we've all experienced,
oftentimes, in our attempt to have or to hold
and feel whole, we'll hang on to something known,
even if it's not good for us versus
going into the unknown and letting go.
Can you give us some of the, a little tease of
some of the tenets in this Fearless Living book?
It begins with ruthless self-honesty
because we're not really letting go of things,
we are discovering the inherent limitation
in being identified with things for a sense of ourselves.
We have to start with receptivity.
In this moment, wherever we are,
whoever we are, whatever we're doing,
we are in a dynamic relationship with life
that most of us have no awareness of at all
because we're too busy thinking about our lives.
The thought life cannot bring about
the contentment it promises.
The only way to discover that is to finally see for a fact,
"You know, how many times have I tried
"to think my way into fulfillment."
Doesn't take place.
This receptivity means I begin to want
to be present in myself more than
I want to give myself presence, in a manner of speaking.
And out of that receptivity,
something new takes place, which is an essential--
I call it recognition and actualization
because I start to see, you know,
there's something in me that's really nervous,
or there's really angry or it's anxious,
you wanted anecdotes.
How often is a person anxious about tomorrow?
The anxiousness promises that
if we do what it tells us to do,
that we will be liberated from our anxiety.
We become the instrument of the will of that desire
that serves itself, but we don't know it.
One day, a man or a woman's feeling anxious,
they realize, you know, "I've been answering
"this anxiety the same way for 50 years."
The loops.
"I wonder what would happen if I didn't answer this way."
Then the person begins to meet for the first time,
not the condition they blame their anxiety on,
or look to resolve it, but they start to see
there's something in me that's producing this.
Now, if I'm honest, I don't know what to do about this.
The truth is, human beings do not--we touched that--
we do not know what to do with our pain.
And there's a good reason why
we don't know what to do with our pain.
It's not our responsibility.
It isn't our responsibility, Regina.
My responsibility is to be conscious of my state.
If I'm anxious, my responsibility is
to bring the light of awareness into that state of darkness.
That darkness is an unregenerate form,
no matter what it is, not negative, not moral,
just an unconscious form of energy.
And it comes in, my conditioned mind grabs it,
it names it, it tells me what to do with this energy,
and this energy that is the font of creation itself
is not transformed; instead it's turned into a will
that drives me from pillar to post serving it,
so that not only does it not change, but I don't change.
But if I recognize the futility of that,
and I start to want to be present to myself,
here comes this anxiety or this fear,
this dark energy, and it's met with this light of awareness.
And this active light enters into this passive darkness,
and the darkness is changed.
That energy itself is transformed,
and because it's transformed,
I have a transformational experience
'cause now I'm no longer the instrument
of the darkness that drove me to do what it wanted;
rather, now, I'm the instrument of this light,
using a word, that has begun to do what
alone can fulfill me, which is
make me a participant in creation.
Well, I see why people say
you're a sparkle of light.
(both laugh)
You've worked on it!
Do you see?
It's so beautiful.
Yeah
it's beautiful.
Because it really does, it answers everything.
It answers everything.
We just have to be still in it.
We have to be still in it, and we have to get tired.
You know, people say, "How do you do it?"
Just get tired of being you.
Tired of the stories.
Tired of the story, yeah.
And out of that if we won't rewrite,
if we won't pick up the pen and write another chapter,
starring moi--c'est moi--
then a new understanding of yourself will be born.
Don't rush it, don't be impatient, that's another thing.
I'm the most impatient man that every lived.
My hallmark on my grave, it'll say,
"He was in a hurry get here."
(both laugh)
Because we have a hunger for life, we do,
a natural hunger for life, but there's only one thing
that can answer it:
it's these conscious impressions
transforming ourselves, and everyone else.
Because when I go through that,
that darkness is not different
than the darkness in anyone else.
It's one consciousness, one light,
and when we are the instruments of that,
we're actually serving not just ourselves,
but the whole of humanity for a purpose
greater than we can know while we're doing it.
It's impossible to know the outcome.
What is new doesn't even know itself, Regina.
It's just new.
(both laugh)
Well on that note, I would certainly
encourage everybody to pick up a copy
of your new book and also your other works,
and I know you don't like to do
a lot of these conferences and such,
but can people find a way to you, to attend some of your--
Oh, yes, please.
The new book is The Essential Laws of Fearless Living.
And I have a website, guyfinley.org,
G-U-Y F-I-N-
L-E-Y
And we'll be sure
to put it right here for you.
And just so people know, you can spend six months there
going through the free material,
free MP3s, PDFs, books, everything.
Fabulous.
My foundation, we have not one salaried employee
at Life of Learning Foundation.
Everything we do is to get this information out,
so when you go to Life of Learning,
the foundation, guyfinley.org,
we send a newsletter out that's free,
and we're inviting everyone to begin
this write interior work, so that
first, in our change ourselves,
we change the world that we're in.
We need the light.
And thank you for your work and helping bring that.
Thank you, Regina.
(jazzy piano music)
Again, as guy mentioned a bit ago,
you can visit his website at guyfinley.org
to enjoy a plethora of his works, free.
To pick up a copy of his newest book,
Essential Laws to Fearless Living,
go to any fine bookstore or our website.
If you enjoyed this interview,
you might also want view our interviews with
Peter Russell and Russell Targ,
who also provide antidotes to the subjects
of attachment and suffering.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.